# Linux Guides

## About
This repository is where I write helpful guides that help people learn how to perform various tasks on Linux without having to read entire wiki pages. I want to provide articles that will help readers accomplish their goals in a reasonable amount of time, but I also don't encourage anyone to treat my guides as a complete replacement for your distro's wiki, or learning linux as a whole in general. Use these guides as a way to start getting things done with Linux and specific utilities mentioned in the articles, but please remember that the wikipedia page for your distro is the best source of information for truly understanding the full picture. Most of the guides are geared towards accomplishing specific tasks that may not be clear when reading a wiki, but once you read some of the guides in this repository, you'll likely have an easier time understanding the wiki pages afterwards. Start here, then head back to the wiki for your distro and go from there.

There is an exception to the above, and that is with a couple articles I've written here so far. It's been a while since I started this repository, and I can say with certainty that my guide on installing Arch contains vast improvements in comparison to the official wiki. You should still read the Arch wiki if you're using Arch, especially for installing and configuring specific programs.

## News as of December 19th, 2021
I'm starting to break down a lot of these guides into seperate articles right now, as I think it would help the overall quality of the repo. I will be creating directories names after general concepts instead of having all articles in the primary directory as the number of articles has been rising. For example, I'm splitting the wifi-from-commandline.md article up into two different articles, and they will be found in a directory named *networking* from here-on. I'll also be writing a guide on NetworkManager, as iwd is still a newer cli for wifi, but it has still not been fully adopted in the Linux world as of yet. My ssh-scp.md article is getting split up as well, I will be adding more information on using ssh and scp as well, and both articles will be moved into the *networking* directory. I'm considering creating directory for *vim* as well, splitting the very long vim guide into different articles, and overall improving the information altogether.

## Contact Me
If you have any questions or feedback, I highly encourage emailing me at nickolas@nliaquin.xyz
